## Getting Started ##

Run Command -- npm Intsall
npm run dev


Problem Statement: Today, we are witnessing a boom in start-ups in India. Last year, India was standing proudly in third place after the USA and China in terms of the number of unicorns. Bengaluru is the world's seventh-largest unicorn hub. With this wave of start-ups, there are a lot of small start-ups doing great work but failing to grow their ideas just because of a lack of guidance or mentorship. As a start-up, if you have someone to guide you forward, he/she can help you multiply your growth rate by many folds. A mentor would have more experience, expertise, and market knowledge in that particular domain, but an initial stage start-up would be lagging behind all these aspects. There is no online community where start-ups can find mentors related to their domain and get some advice or guidance. So, when we talk about entrepreneurial activities in our country, it’s hard to find an application or an online platform where an entrepreneur or a start-up can pitch their ideas, which means we lose many good ideas. Those good ideas can never be put in front of a successful person in the entrepreneurial domain. Lots of registered start-ups are unable to get funding and the knowledge to grow their start-ups due to a lack of connections between the start-ups, mentors, investors, incubators, business accelerators, etc. The connection between all these entities is the major problem, and to solve that problem, one would require a platform where all these activities can happen. So, we have decided that we are going to develop a web-based application that connects all these crowds in one place. Solution: As a solution to the above-stated problem, we are trying to build a web-based platform where entrepreneurs can get in touch with mentors or experts in that particular domain. In the entrepreneur section, registered start-ups can get themselves verified on our platform. Non-registered start-ups will be redirected to the place where they can register themselves, and then they can apply for verification. After successful verification, we will redirect them to the mentor section, where our algorithm will recommend a list of suitable mentors to them. Entrepreneurs can select their mentor based on ratings, demo programs provided by specific mentors. Then an entrepreneur can send a selection request to a mentor. After that, mentors can select or reject their requests based on their startup profile. If a mentor accepts the request, that startup will get enrolled in that mentor’s program. After enrolment, the mentor can schedule either a one-on-one live session or a webinar for a bunch of startups at a time. A new idea, product, or business depends on communicating complex data in a limited time. Whether we are presenting strategic plans, research, or technical information, we have to give our audience the gist of our findings without going too deep, and for that, we have one of the most resounding features of our website, i.e. an AI-based Business Pitch Maker Tool which will not only allow users to make an effective sales pitch but also grade and score it based on a checklist algorithm. Ideas will have the best chance of success with our Pitch Making Tool. Using our Pitch Maker a startup can wow investors without having to make it all from scratch. We are also building a startup community where one startup can become part of another startup’s success journey. Here, one can learn from someone else’s mistakes and get motivated by other people’s successes. Startups can post their progress, plans, and share their success stories with the community of startups. This will also be beneficial in creating healthy competition among similar groups of startups. Not only can startups follow each other, but mentors can also engage and provide their valuable suggestions or feedback. People who have good ideas but they are not a part of any registered start-up due to a lack of team members, financial resources, etc., can also become part of the community which aligns with their ideas and thoughts. One of the most resounding features of our website is that we will be providing an AI-based Business Pitch Maker Tool Our platform contains an AI-based recommendation system by which we can categorize the domain of startups and mentors.
 